Clarify & reword long startup time fix (#110)
appuio/appuio-cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to/long-pod-startup.adoc

=== Change the Deployment SecurityContext

[NOTE]
====

> In this example, a `Deployment` is used, but the same change can be applied to a `DeploymentConfig` or `StatefulSet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, a `Deployment` is used, but the same change can be applied to all Kubernetes resources specifying a Pod spec.
```

This also applies to Jobs, CronJobs, ... So better don't list all
